# Introduction
The story of this RPG sets out in the world called Caelumina,"the light that comes down to the land to nourish the land with the blessing of the goddess".
In the old times, people of Caelumina can use the gift of the goddess, "Signa", to help their daily life. As the time goes by, people relies more on the manpower and its knowledge.

# Continent of Alastoria, The Last Settlement of Humanity, Aegon
The first arc of Caelumina Saga starts on this region, when humanity is in the brink of extinction under the threat of "Synbions", high evolved lifeforms that most of them live in colonies. The continent of Alastoria is a land filled with drylands yet the seasonal rainy seasons doesn't make it any better. No greens seen as far as eyes can see. Only tall fat tree without any leaves exist on this land. On the middle of that, a large fort made of irons stands out like a sore thumb. "Aegon". The name of those pile of irons that serves as the last defense of humanity for the last 500 years after "the Fall". Aegon consists of 5 main districts and a capital area. The five districts serves to provide main resources of the settlement such as agricultures, factories, militaries, entertainment and religion.
## Social Politic of Aegon
100 years after "the Fall", people inside the settlement Aegon are reduced to a very significant numbers after the constant struggles against the "Synbions". The following years, rare genetic diseases emerged in middle of population. Professor Arminius, leading scientist and geneticist of the settlement, invented a device that can scan the whole genetic makeups of a person and determine directly whether a person carries a disease in their genes or not. This device allowed the prevention of the defect genes to be passed among the population. But, the synbions evolved much faster than the people of Aegon and started overwhelm the defensive force of the settlement. Caenaan Aegon I, the current head of the settlement aware of this and started proposing the idea using the Ian Arminius's technology of genetic makeups detection to select the most potentially capable and people with good set of genes to be (Golden Traits) selectively paired to produce the good offspring that inherit the best traits. Caenaan then enacted "The Law of Demarcation" on 120AF and then revolutionized the whole social structure of the people of Aegon.
### The Law of Demarcation, enacted by Aegon's Head of Settlement, Caenaan Aegon I, before the settlement started to be led by the royalty government, 120AF
1) The genetic makeups of every people of Aegon including newborns are required to be determined by the government
2) The people with the genetic makeups that fall under the criteria of "Golden Traits" determined by the government will be placed inside the capital of Aegon to be further nurtured
3) The people that fall outside the "Golden Traits" criteria will be live normally in the main districts
4) The people that fall outside the "Golden Traits" criteria AND marked with the genetic disease will be placed inside health institute in the capital to be given further treatment and not allowed to produce any offspring.
5) These laws shall stand until the warfare between Aegon and synbions finds its end.

After the enactment of the law, the danger of genetic disease in the population was solved and the most capable and talented people with a excellent aptitude to counter the invasion of synbions started to be gathered and strengthened the defensive force of the settlement. Also, by the time of the law enactment, settlement of Aegon start adopted the royalty government with Caenaan Aegon I as the first king. After the winning of the big invasion of synbions on 130AF led by the warriors with golden traits, these warriors are named as the heroes of Aegon, "Argonauts" and started the Royal Houses inside the capital in order to preserve the quality of their lineage. The first four houses were created by the Argonauts and the following after, the other houses were started by the people with golden traits resided inside the capital that covered government sectors other than military. This marks the reformation of social structure between the people of Aegon
### Social Impact : Last Name and No Last name
People with the golden traits are all part of the royal houses and given the last name of their respective house and family. Because of this, people outside the Royal Houses hence without golden traits, don't carry any last name in their name. People of Aegon then split into two factions : Royalty Houses and Commoner. To stabilize the society due to the reformation of this newly formed social structure, Duunan Aegon or King Aegon II, made the royal families especially the four houses of heroes "Argonauts" to pledge for the protection of all the people of Aegon regardless their status and prioritize the safety of the people reside inside the main districts.
## Culture and religion
